>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay, so we've
talked about calling functions with and
without arguments.
And you also know how to store
the returned value of a function, right?
You just assign it to a variable
just like anything else.
Okay, let's talk about Function Arguments.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
let's say I have my add number
function and it takes an x and
a y and it returns, x + y.
If I can add numbers with 3 and
5, I'll get an 8.
What if I call add numbers without
passing in the second parameter?
What kind of error do I get?
Y'all have a rupple so y'all have
the answers right under your fingertips.
>> Student: It's the argument?
>> Nina Zakharenko: That's right, so
it’s a type error, that’s the class,
see that right here.
It's missing one required
positional argument, and
helpfully it even tells us which one.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So any arguments
defined this way are required.
And it doesn't matter what order you pass
them in, when you call them they're just
gonna be x and y in order within
the scope of the function.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Python also has key
word arguments with default values.
Which is really helpful, we can optionally
pass in the argument if we want.
If we don't want to,
there is a default available for us.
So let's say we have a function
called say_greeting,
and it takes a greeting and a name.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And we're gonna print
out the f string of , .
>> Nina Zakharenko: Is everyone
getting the hand of these f strings?
Yeah, awesome, I thought so.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay, so I can call,
say, greeting with hello and Nina.
It'll print out Hello, Nina.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Let's say I didn't
want to pass in Hello all the time.
Hello was be used most of the time by
default when calling this function.
But I wanted to have the option of
changing my greeting if I wanted to.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
we're gonna make a new function.
>> Nina Zakharenko: We're
going to call it say greeting.
If I define those function in the rupple,
just know that it will overwrite the other
function I've defined here, and
that's because they have the same name.
So now I'm going to take a name, right,
cuz that's kind of the variable
of the equation here.
And I'm also gonna provide
a default argument.
Default arguments or arguments with
default values always come last.
>> Nina Zakharenko: To pass in a default
argument, you just give it a name, equals,
and then a string or a number,
kind of whatever you want here.
And I'm gonna print out
the same thing I did before.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay,
now I can call say greeting with Nina.
What will this print out?
>> Student2: Hello, Nina.
>> Nina Zakharenko: That's right, why?
Because hello is our default argument.
I can also pass in a greeting now.
Let's say Bonjour.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So unlike the required
arguments where I had to have the exact
right amount or I got an error,
this default argument, it's optional.
If I don't provide it, I will get
the default value specified here.
But if I do, that gets overwritten.
>> Nina Zakharenko: It's really useful,
right?
I use this a ton in my code.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Just make sure that
your default arguments always come last.
If you don't declare them in this way,
you're going to get a syntax error.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
just quickly show you what that is.
Say I had a say_greeting_bad and
I tried to say greeting='Hello' and
then the required argument of name.
Let me give it a.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Let me give
the function some content so
it doesn't error out early.
We'll see here syntax error, non-default
argument follows default argument.
And now you all know what that means,
right, wrong order.
>> Nina Zakharenko: In my
say_greeting function here,
do I still have to provide
this name argument?
>> Nina Zakharenko: What
do you guys think?
>> Student3: You mean when you call it?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yes.
>> Student3: Yes.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay, I do, right,
because positional arguments
are always required.
If I try to call say_greeting with
nothing, then I get my type error,
missing one required positional parameter.
So introducing default arguments
doesn't change anything about that.
But you can also pass in none, some, or
all of the keyword arguments, right?
Keyword arguments are optional.
So earlier today we saw a function
that created a query for
the GitHub API and it took a few QR tasks.
Let's say the language is JavaScript.
The minimum number of stars is 50 and
the sort is descending.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Now
we can return a f string.
Let's just say the language
is the language,
followed by the number of stars and
the sort.
>> Nina Zakharenko: What will I see
printed out if I call this with no
arguments?
>> Student3: You'll see
the default values.
>> Nina Zakharenko: The default values,
that's exactly right.
It's JavaScript 50 and descending.
But I can pass in none.
One, let's say I want
the language to be Python.
What will the sort and
the number of stars be?
You guys?
>> Student: 50.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yep,
I can also pass in all of these arguments.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And notice that
they don't have to be in the same order,
that's because they're labeled.
Right, so I'm being very explicit
about what I'm passing in.
You can also,
let's say I had a function foo here.
It took one positional argument and
one default argument.
>> Nina Zakharenko: I can also use
the label of the positional argument if I
wanted to.
So I could call foo with 3.
That just automatically sets a to 3
within this function, and b to 5.
I could call foo,
>> Nina Zakharenko: By
setting 3 in the right position and
then passing in b as 6.
In Python also if you just wanna be
extra explicit about what you're doing,
you can pass in the label of A, right?
So the positional argument you
can pass in that label and
you can pass on the label of the keyword
argument, it does the same thing.